ch-image: update pull behavior (#1309)
hpc/charliecloud: doc/ch-image_desc.rst

        architecture as a simple string and converts to/from the registry view
        transparently.

  :code:`--cache`
    Enable build cache.

  :code:`--no-cache`
    Disable build cache (default).

  :code:`--rebuild`

>     For cache misses for all operations except for :code:`FROM` instructions.

Author: ```suggestion
    Do not reuse cached operations; execute all non :code:`FROM` instructions and add them to the cache.  
```
